# What Should We Do Today?

I built this app because it can be overwhelming and time-consuming for parents and caregivers to make decisions about educational enrichment activities for children. "What Should We Do Today?" generates a curated click-and-go lesson plan that doesn’t require research and prep.

## Generate a Plan
A logged-in user begins on the Main Page, where they can click the “Generate Plan” button to display a random three-element lesson plan that will include activities from three of six categories: Music, Poetry, Art, Writing/Discussion, Movement Break, and Wild Card.

If the user loves the plan they see, they can click the “Save Plan” button. When they save the plan, they will be directed to the Profile page, which includes all of their previously saved plans as well as logged plans. More on this later.

Back to the Main page: if a user does not like the plan that has been generated for them, they can click the “Generate Plan” button as many times as they like until they see a plan that fits their needs.

## Watch
Many of the app’s suggested activities include linked YouTube videos. When these links are clicked from any page/view on the app, the user will be directed to an embedded player at the bottom of the page where they can preview the video or watch the whole thing.

## Explore
Many of the app’s suggested activities include links to poems, articles, and interesting web features related to the activities in their lesson plan. When a user clicks on a (non-YouTube) link, the link will open in another tab (so they won’t lose their place on the app).

## Customize
Over time, they can also tailor the app to their child’s personal interests by customizing content. From the Main page, the user can click the “Add a Custom Activity” button. They will be directed to a form where they can enter a custom Activity Name, add a Description, add a Weblink if desired, and associate their custom activity with Activity Type from a dropdown list. Once they click “Submit Activity,” that activity will be saved and can appear in the randomly-generated lesson plans. Users can add as many activities as they like.

## Activities and Recordkeeping
When a user has saved a lesson plan (or navigated to the Profile page), they can view a list of lessons they have previously saved or logged. In the Saved Plans column, users can revisit plans they’ve saved for later and perhaps choose one to work on immediately with their children. All the activities are chosen with ease in mind– they require very little in the way of setup or materials, and most simply require an internet connection, basic school supplies, or a little clear floor space for moving. No complicated prepwork!

If a user is scrolling through Saved Plans and sees one that no longer interests them (perhaps it repeats an activity, or is similar to one that didn’t engage the children’s imagination last time), the user can simply click the “Not a Fan? Delete this Plan!” button.

Once they’ve found a plan they do like and have completed the lesson activities with their children, the user can take advantage of the “Add Notes” text field to keep records. This feature was added because some users may wish to use the app as part of official homeschool planning/recordkeeping. These parents may want to record total time spent on each activity by subject, or take notes about what curricular goals or benchmarks the lesson may have addressed. All users may wish to record their impressions about which activities were a hit or a miss, what ideas they’d like to revisit later with their children, and what new ideas they might want to add as custom activities in the future.

When they’ve added their notes, the user can click “Submit Note and Log Plan” and the plan will be added to the Logged Plans list. These plans are logged with the date and time, the full list of activities (with links so they can be replayed/revisited as much as desired), and the user’s custom note.

## Recap
This app helps people jump right into a free, engaging, short activity that is meant to complement a child’s core education. Users may want to use the app to address minor gaps in their student’s knowledge, to bring music and art into their daily school routine, or to help their student get the wiggles out with a movement or creativity break.

The plans generated by the app are not meant to replace a child’s core education, but users could draw inspiration from the prompts and build out in-depth lesson plans or study units around themes or topics suggested by the plans.

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
